# AllenForum
AllenForum is the place where students can openly interact with their senior, juniors and as well as with their teachers. Since AllenForum is developed only for college level, with that we also try to optimize the time of student towards library of the college by give them accessibility of library books and add some use full feature to this forum which will increase the overall academics environment of college. This project is based on the idea of making healthy relations between seniors, junior and faculties. In this project student freely ask and share any query or doubt with faculties, seniors or classmates and those who view this problem can answer it,we are also adding a module of library system with the help of this student aware with the availability of books in library and all other books related details and notifications, with that we add some really useful stuffs like GATE, CAT and JOB functionality with the help of this student can easily update with these use full information. AllenForum positively touch all the need of students in their college life and tries to improve it with the touch of technology. In this project will be add a user panel of Training &amp; Placement cell, because All the students has to make their CV according to given formats, but some time student follow the guideline but that could not match the given format. In this case the placement cell correct their CV mistakes. But this solution will solve this problem and the solution is, we will give a ask the students to give their details as the write in CV, and automated system will automatically created a CV in the defined format of placement cell and that will be send the registered email id of user.
